 He lived in Sixteenth Street, in a small house, in an outbuilding, in a rather unkempt apartment of three rooms, but not poorly furnished./ There was even a certain exuberance and, at the same time, a great lack of housekeeping./ A pretty girl of about nineteen, very simply but very nicely dressed, very clean and with bright, merry eyes, answered my door. /I knew at once that it was the Alexandra Semonovna whom he had mentioned in passing the other day, begging me to make my acquaintance with her./ She asked me who I was, and, hearing the name, said he was expecting me, but that he was now asleep in his room, and she took me there. / Masloboev was asleep on a fine, soft sofa, covered with his dirty overcoat, and with a leather, worn-out cushion and head./ He was very sleepy; we had only just entered, and he at once called me by name./ To which? Why? - To Madame Bubnova, so that I could tell her off./ What a beauty she is! - he stretched out, turning to Alexandra Semyonovna, and even kissed her fingertips at the recollection of Madame Bubnova. - Alexandra Semyonovna said, and felt it her duty to become slightly annoyed./ Please don't listen to him; he makes fun of me. He's always shaming in front of good people, the shameless man. Have you forgotten what it is to love? Haven't you forgotten the word? That's the word I taught you? Of course I haven't forgotten it. Love your pennants. -That's what he'll think of! Perhaps there were no pennants, and why love them? She's lying! But Madame Bubnova did! - and Alexandra Semyonovna ran out in the greatest indignation. Goodbye, Alexandra Semyonovna! We went out./ Secondly, I've found out a few things since I said goodbye to you, and I've found out not by guessing, but exactly./ That pusan is a terrible rascal, dirty, vile, with a variety of vile tastes./ This Bubnova has been known to do the same kind of tricks. /She nearly got caught the other day with a girl from an honest house. /These maiden dresses she dressed that orphan in (you told me so long ago) have been keeping me awake, for I have heard something before. /I have heard something else, but it seems certain. Madam Bubnova wouldn't take in an orphan out of pity alone./ And that chump Sisobriukhov is promised today a beauty, a husband's wife, an official and a staff officer./ The merchant's children are fond of it; they always ask about rank./ It's like in Latin grammar, remember: meaning prefers ending./ She wants to cheat the police too; but you lie! I feared we'd be late, so I chased the cabman./ Sizobriukhov will pay him in money, and the fat scoundrel in kind./ We arrived and stopped at the restaurant; but the man called Mitroshka was not there. / Having ordered the cabman to wait for us at the porch of the restaurant, we went to see Bubnova./ Bright light spread through the windows, and I could hear the drunken, resounding laughter of Sizobriukhov./- 'They are all there, a quarter of an hour,' announced Mitroshka./ He knocked softly at the gate, and it immediately opened./ He was called out; he replied that he was alone: 'so you must'./- 'Ay, who is it? - Bubnova shouted, drunken and disheveled, standing in the tiny anteroom, with a candle in her hands; how is it, Anna Trifonovna, that you do not recognise our dear guests? Who else but us? We'll have a cold drink with you, but no masher? The mistress cheered up in a moment. I'll find for such dear guests from under the earth, I'll write from the Chinese country. - Z./How dare he, the scoundrel, to party without me! -He certainly hasn't forgotten you./ But before we came in, when we were still talking in the front room, Mitroshka was shy./I knew later that he had not even come in, but was waiting behind the door. / The disheveled and brown-haired woman who had peeped out of Bubnova's shoulder the previous morning was a friend of his./Sizobriukhov was sitting on a little mahogany sofa, in front of a round tablecloth. /There were two bottles of warm champagne and a bottle of bad rum on the table; and there were plates of confectionery, gingerbread, and three kinds of nuts./ At the table opposite Sisobryukhov sat a hideous creature of forty and gray, with a black taffeta dress and bronze bracelets and brooches./ Here he brought another guest: a friend! - Masloboyev pointed at me. - What a champagne they call it! It looks like sour cabbage soup. Do you know your Karp Vasilich? - Why should I know your Karp Vasilich?